asyncio â Asynchronous I/OÂ¶ asyncio is a library to write concurrent code using the async/await syntax. asyncio is used as a foundation for multiple Python asynchronous frameworks that provide high-performance network and web-servers, database connection libraries, distributed task queues, etc. asyncio is often a perfect fit for IO-bound and high-level structured network code. asyncio provides a set of high-level APIs to: run Python coroutines concurrently and have full control over their execution; perform network IO and IPC; control subprocesses; distribute tasks via queues; synchronize concurrent code; Additionally, there are low-level APIs for library and framework developers to: create and manage event loops, which provide asynchronous APIs for networking, running subprocesses, handling OS signals, etc; implement efficient protocols using transports; bridge callback-based libraries and code with async/await syntax. Availability: not WASI. This module does not work or is not available on WebAssembly. See WebAssembly platforms for more information. asyncio REPL You can experiment with an asyncio concurrent context in the REPL: $ python -m asyncio asyncio REPL ... Use "await" directly instead of "asyncio.run()". Type "help", "copyright", "credits" or "license" for more information. >>> import asyncio >>> await asyncio.sleep(10, result='hello') 'hello' Raises an auditing event cpython.run_stdin with no arguments. Changed in version 3.12.5: (also 3.11.10, 3.10.15, 3.9.20, and 3.8.20) Emits audit events. Changed in version 3.13: Uses PyREPL if possible, in which case PYTHONSTARTUP is also executed. Emits audit events. Reference Note The source code for asyncio can be found in Lib/asyncio/.
Content management system A content management system (CMS) is computer software used to manage the creation and modification of digital content (content management).[1][2][3] It is typically used for enterprise content management (ECM) and web content management (WCM). ECM typically supports multiple users in a collaborative environment,[4][5] by integrating document management, digital asset management, and record retention.[4] Alternatively, WCM is the collaborative authoring for websites and may include text and embed graphics, photos, video, audio, maps, and program code that display content and interact with the user.[6][7] ECM typically includes a WCM function. Structure [edit]A CMS typically has two major components: a content management application (CMA), as the front-end user interface that allows a user, even with limited expertise, to add, modify, and remove content from a website without the intervention of a webmaster; and a content delivery application (CDA), that compiles the content and updates the website.[8] Installation type [edit]There are two types of CMS installation: on-premises and cloud-based. On-premises installation means that the CMS software can be installed on the server. Notable CMSs which can be installed on-premises are Drupal, Grav, Joomla, ModX, Wordpress.org and others. The cloud-based CMS is hosted on the vendor environment. Examples of notable cloud-based CMSs are Adobe Experience Manager, Contentful, Ghost, SquareSpace, Webflow, WIX, and Wordpress.com.[citation needed] Common features [edit]The core CMS features are: indexing, search and retrieval, format management, revision control, and management.[4] Features may vary depending on the system application but will typically include:[4] - Intuitive indexing, search, and retrieval features index all data for easy access through search functions and allow users to search by attributes such as publication dates, keywords or author. - Format management facilitates turning scanned paper documents and legacy electronic documents into HTML or PDF documents. - Revision features allow content to be updated and edited after initial publication. Revision control also tracks any changes made to files by individuals. - Publishing functionality allows individuals to use a template or a set of templates approved by the organization, as well as wizards and other tools to create or modify content. Popular additional features may include:[4] - SEO-friendly URLs - Integrated and online help, including discussion boards - Group-based permission systems - Full template support and customizable templates - Easy wizard-based install and versioning procedures - Admin panel with multiple language support - Content hierarchy with unlimited depth and size - Minimal server requirements - Integrated file managers - Integrated audit logs - Support AMP page for Google - Support schema markup - Designed as per Google quality guidelines for website architecture - Availability of plug-ins for additional functionalities. - Security precautions such as 2 Factor Authentication Other types of content management systems [edit]Digital asset management systems are another type of CMS. They manage content with clearly defined author or ownership, such as documents, movies, pictures, phone numbers, and scientific data. Companies also use CMSs to store, control, revise, and publish documentation. There are also component content management systems (CCMS), which are CMSs that manage content at a modular level rather than as pages or articles. CCMSs are often used in technical communication, where many publications reuse the same content. Headless CMS, which separates content from its delivery layer, offers greater flexibility in content distribution across various platforms.[citation needed] Widely used CMSs [edit]Based on a survey, the most widely used content management system is WordPress, used by 43.6% of the top 10 million websites as of October 2021. Other commonly used content management systems include Squarespace, Joomla, Shopify, and Wix.[9][10] See also [edit]- Content management - Content Management Interface - Document management system - Dynamic web page - Enterprise content management - Headless content management system - HTML - Icy Phoenix, CMS based on phpBB - Information management - Knowledge management - LAMP (software bundle) - List of content management systems - Personalization management system - Revision control - Web application framework - Web content management system References [edit]- ^ Managing Enterprise Content: A Unified Content Strategy. Ann Rockley, Pamela Kostur, Steve Manning. New Riders, 2003. - ^ The content management handbook. Martin White. Facet Publishing, 2005. - ^ Content Management Bible, Bob Boiko. John Wiley & Sons, 2005. - ^ a b c d e "What is a Content Management System (CMS)? Definition from WhatIs.com". SearchContentManagement. Retrieved 2019-09-23. - ^ Moving Media Storage Technologies: Applications & Workflows for Video and Media S2011. Page 381 - ^ "What Is a Content Management System (CMS)". Kinsta. Retrieved 19 August 2019. - ^ Kohan, Bernard. "Content Management System (CMS) and other spin-off terms definition(s)". Comentum. Retrieved 19 August 2019. - ^ "What is a Content Management System? | Definition from TechTarget". Search Content Management. Retrieved 2025-02-07. - ^ "Tech Reports – What CMS?". December 14, 2020. Archived from the original on November 12, 2020. Retrieved December 14, 2020. - ^ "W3Techs content management usage". March 1, 2021. Bibliography [edit]- Andreas Mauthe; Peter Thomas (2004). Professional Content Management Systems: Handling Digital Media Assets. John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 978-0-470-85542-3. - Chock, M.; Cardenas, A. F.; Klinger, A. (July 1984). "Database Structure and Manipulation Capabilities of a Picture Database Management System (PICDMS)". IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence. PAMI-6 (4): 484–492. doi:10.1109/TPAMI.1984.4767553. PMID 21869216. S2CID 17289079.
